---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---
# Long time no blog post...

## Google's Approach to Open Source

_n u l l   v o i d_

I wasn't able to attend the talk with Danna Kelmer on this week. I have my own bias towards Google when it comes to them working and devloping free and open source software. While stuff like Chromium and android which I use regualery are great, these softwares are extremly hard to work on. In the case of android, it being open source is primarily for other manurtrures to use and run their own version of android rather then have users work on it for their own needs. While the method works for Google, I'm don't feel like I can give them credit for promoting and developing open software, or just being open in general.

Richard Stallman, brings up that _"Some of the supporters of open source considered the term a “marketing campaign for free software,” which would appeal to business executives by highlighting the software's practical benefits, while not raising issues of right and wrong that they might not like to hear. Other supporters flatly rejected the free software movement's ethical and social values. Whichever their views, when campaigning for open source, they neither cited nor advocated those values."_ (https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/open-source-misses-the-point.en.html)

A company like Google profits from the unethical practices of selling personal data and promoting closed software like DRM on free software like the Linux Kernel(https://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=news_item&px=2017-Google-Intel-HDCP-DRM). 

## Code of Conduct
A code of conduct is important for any organization. A good code of conduct should lay down rules and values that they want to establish. We all come from different backgrounds and cultures so by having a code of conduct creates the base for goes for communication in a community. 

Qutebrowser doesn't have a code of conduct and I doubt they would add on in the near future. 

## Team Progress
Progress is good. Qutebrowser community is welcoming and also quick to respone to pull request and issues.
