---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

#The Cathedral vs. The Bazaar

In The Cathedral and The Bazaar Eric S Raymond talks ups two different methods used in open source projects and organizations. The bazaar method, which allows for a free flow of contributors to work on a project by having faster version releases, and the cathedral method, which has a more controlled and organized environment. 

Personally I like the bazaar model of software development because there is less management involved. It would allow me to work on whatever I notice or think of in the moment. It also allows a wider range of experience to work on the projects, but fails when a project is large and poorly documented.   

I would rather use cathedral model if I  plan to build for less tech experienced end user. Maybe a hybrid between both methods could be really effective in getting software . However, once I’ve gained necessary experience, I would love to participate in the bazaar model. 


#Best Lessons
_Treating your users as co-developers is your least-hassle route to rapid code improvement and effective debugging._

Your users experience and understand the software differently from the developers. While some users might not understand the complexly of a problem or a suggestion it’s a good idea to care for what your community wants and needs. Even some closed source/proprietary software have learned to care and take customer feedback. 

_To solve an interesting problem, start by finding a problem that is interesting to you._

I feel that a common issue with the computer science field is the drive for money rather than the passion for idea or problem. I might be a hippie commie but I feel like we need to make a push for more open code and hardware in the hands of more people. By giving the ability and access for anyone
to build something of their own can help with innovation, especially on the local level, then any large corporation could.
